Update whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md (#9687)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md

- This change impacts all users who log in to the Office 365 Security and Compliance portal (protection.office.com), including security teams and end-users who access the Email Quarantine experience, at the **Microsoft Defender Portal** > **Review** > **Quarantine**.
- Redirection is enabled by default and impacts all users of the Tenant.
- Global Administrators and Security Administrators can turn on or off redirection in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal by navigating to **Settings** > **Email & collaboration** > **Portal redirection** and switch the redirection toggle.

> - Bulk Complaint Level is now available in EmailEvents table in Advanced Hunting with numeric BCL values from 0 to 9. A higher BCL score indicates that bulk message is more likely to generate complaints and is more likely to be a spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bulk complaint level (BCL) is now available in the EmailEvents table in advanced hunting with numeric BCL values ranging from 0 to 9. A higher BCL score indicates that bulk messages are more likely to generate complaints and are more likely to be spam.
```
